docs: add docs about how to maintain theming (#2097)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/usage/customisation/theming.mdx

# Theming

Theming is a umbrella term of a wide range of different ways and needs of customization.

> This section covers some of the needs out DNB productions has shown a need of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers some of the needs we've seen in DNB productions as of now.
```
Just a suggestion to an alternative text, maybe the original text makes more sense, it was mostly the usage of the word `out` that made me not fully understand the sentence.

### Brand theming

Eufemia is a design system that aims to help DNB brands unleash their power.

> Eufemia is a system that is build on top of brand-assets. This means, it should be possible to swap out or extend these brand-assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eufemia is a system that is built on top of brand-assets. This means, it should be possible to swap out or extend these brand-assets.
```

+ import '@dnb/eufemia/style/themes/eiendom'
```

Read more about [how to import styles](/uilib/usage/customisation/styling/consume-styles/#importing-the-css).

How ever, giving the user the ability to switch a theme during runtime, is a very much different challenge.

The Eufemia Portal (documentation) uses [`gatsby-plugin-eufemia-theme-handler`](https://github.com/dnbexperience/eufemia/tree/main/packages/gatsby-plugin-eufemia-theme-handler) to handle it both in development and production mode.

## WIP: Ready to use themes

Right now, theres work going on to create Eufemia Themes that utilize both color and spacing and the [Spatial system](/quickguide-designer/spatial-system).

> The plan is to extend the documentation here later on on how to select and use a theme inside an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plan is to extend the documentation here later on, with how to select and use a theme inside an application.
```
